So we are here for the concept design meeting. So, we will first start by summarizing the the previous meeting and the decision we've taken. So each of you will show us the various investigation they've done during previous hours. We'll then take decision in concert. and then we will define the nest next task, to have to be done before the next meeting. So maybe we can start with industrial design.
You just have a a very simple chip and the the user interface is just done usually by push button. and in our case we are using a a wheel control. The push button are usually extremely cheap,. but I just have one problem and this is related with the wheel sensor, which seems to be quite expensive. And I think we if we could just talk about that if we really need a wheel sensor or if we can not if if we could combine something with the push button. a wheel sensor is fifty time the price of a a a push button.
So will will will this with including all possible things, so buttons, wheel and the chip, be lower than twelve Euros to produce?
We should talk about the design of the box also which needs some money.
You we an email from the manufacturing division that they have basically a voice recognition chip already developed. Yeah you reco recognize commands and you can record new commands and stuff,
The I I just want to mention the the problem of the the wheels sensor which is much more expensive than any push button,. We we have already some good things with with the backlight of the push button.
What is the purpose of the light?
You can easily find the button in the dark or so?
As soon as you thought to move the the remote control you have the light. I don't think that this is really expensive,
Yeah, but I expected also the wheel would be cheap but you tell me that it is very expensive so,
But it can be battery consuming, no? To have the light always on?
Yeah, a little bit.
So I just look at some current designs on the web, of usually more complicated remote controls. And let's look at two of them because th even though they have many buttons they look quite simple. And in our case we just reject the buttons what we don't need and it become even simpler. We have all these buttons as you can see, but most of them, we just need the ones in the middle. So it's basically more or less how we would like it, with a big volume control, big channel control, and mute and power,. So basically, software we will build will look more or less the same as these two.
With a maybe a more ergonomic design on on the bottom part.
I think that the volume and the buttons that are there on the top are not very easy to reach with your thumb. you just need to put the channel numbers somewhere a bit out of the way. so we could just basically use one just wheel. and user could use just the wheel to do everything with the channels in that case.
Maybe the wheel will be a good advantage over our competitors.
And there is a fashion watchers in Paris and Milan that have detected the following trends,. fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for clothes, shoes, and furnitures. So, maybe if our remote control have to be a fruit form or vegetable form. And the the material is expected to be spongy.
I think we can certainly just put the electronics in a spongy thing,
Yeah, because it's robust. I think it's innovative to use the the wheel because I think no one else has.
That's why I think we have to keep that if it's possible.
Maybe a colour that remember some fruit, things like that.
Well the obvious thing is a banana, I guess.
Yeah. Maybe pear yeah or something like that.
And for maybe look and feel, what about a a piece of ice,
But that's not in the trend.. I think spongy is good because it it will be robust as well. I think we can keep the wheel. Banana is also yellow so you you can't lost your remote control then.
But when the banana is curving like that, with the wheel on the top and to control,
You can also take into account the fact that the banana fits with the colour scheme of our company.
So we will just use a a standard battery? chip imprint we know exactly which one we are going to use.
I think it's the box that should be spongy, banana's shape.
I just want to have so something to prin to to fix my my components onto that box, and that's it.